Update move-resource-group-and-subscription.md (#122795)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-resource-manager/management/move-resource-group-and-subscription.md

Moving a resource only moves it to a new resource group or subscription. It doesn't change the location of the resource.

> [!NOTE]  

> > You cannot move Azure resources to a another resource group or another subscription if there is a read-only lock whether in source or in destination. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can't move Azure resources to another resource group or another subscription if there's a read-only lock, whether in the source or in the destination. 
```
